---
title: "catching up"
date: 2003-07-27
categories: 
  - "imported-blog-posts"
---

Since everyone is harassing me about not posting lately, here goes: I haven't posted in awhile, because there's so much going on. I'm moving back to Cali -- woo hoo -- in less than 2 weeks. Tomorrow, I'm handing in my resignation letter at work, and I (hopefully) have an interview for an awesome new job the first business day after I return to Cali. Packing and cleaning and getting rid of anything that I can live without, replace, or just plain doesn't fit into my car has taken up much of my time. 8/8 is the big moving date. Brendan and I are packing all my stuff, the dogs, and ourselves into my little civic. First stop -- Raleigh, NC. Then, I think we're just going to follow 40 all the way across, with a stop in Las Vegas. Am I crazy? 2 people, 2 dogs, and all my stuff in a civic for 3000 miles??? What was I thinking! I've been doing a lot of thinking lately, and worrying. I'm never quite sure quitting my job and moving back home is the best idea. I had so many doubts about it, but I've finally decided that staying here hasn't made me happy and every time I get the opportunity to go home something comes up here that makes me stay. This time, that hasn't happened. However, I did meet a really sweet guy -- Ryan. =) I haven't told him, but I'm really glad that I met him, even if I am leaving soon. That could have made everything complicated, except that we decided up front that we'd just be friends once I leave... we both know the whole cross-country thing doesn't really work. And I know he'll be a good friend .... he's already been a good friend. I probably would have spent the last 2 weeks (and the next 2 weeks) here feeling lonely and worrying about what I was doing... but I haven't done that since I met him, and I'm very grateful to him for keeping me from feeling that way, even if he doesn't realize he has.
