---
title: "That's the way it crumbles... cookie-wise."
date: 2003-10-10
categories: 
  - "imported-blog-posts"
---

I tried to make cookies today. I don't know what went wrong... but I ended up with a cookie sheet covered in a mushy, slightly burnt, cookie-ish substance. Ugh. Last time I made cookies, they came out great. It's been a long time, lots has been happening... let's see. I had a job interview last week with DST Innovis, in El Dorado Hills. I'd have to move, probably to Folsom, which is right down the road from Sacramento. Sort of the opposite of where I want to go (which is south, south, to beautiful southern California), but beggars can't be choosers, now can they? I still have one to two weeks of waiting before I find out if I got the job. Chemistry is going well so far. Of course, I'm only on chapter one. There's about 80 to 100 problems at the end of each chapter, so I'm still working on those, but I've been doing good except for some small mistakes. Exponential notation and unit conversions sucks! Hopefully this afternoon I will proceed to chapter 2. California is great, I love being back here. The weather is just wonderful, and it's a shame I've only been to the beach twice. I'd like to go again and take Bailey, and maybe Mom's dog Cody too. Hopefully once Mom gets back from Italy/Portugal, I can talk her into going with me. The only bad part about being back here, aside from not having a job yet and being almost completely out of money already, is that I'm very lonely. I did meet one nice guy who I went out with a few times. I just haven't had the heart yet to tell him that I think he's a great friend, but that's it. There really isn't a good way to tell someone that, is there? And I met a cute guy in Davis, while I was visiting for the weekend last month. Too bad I didn't get his phone number! Oh, and for some reason, I stayed up late last night to finish making a CD. A CD that I mailed to my ex today as sort of a belated birthday gift. I don't know why I did that. In his way, he's made it clear that he is still in love with me, and I know that I will always care for him, but I'm not sure where it could go. There's a lot that I haven't forgotten or forgiven, and it's just horribly complicated. Ha, I suppose it's just like everything else in my life, a complete mess! =) And of course, tonight is the big Aerosmith / KISS concert. I'm so angry that I don't have the money to go. I really wanted to see KISS again. I missed it on the east coast too because I was leaving to move back here. And tomorrow is the Navy Ball, and I can't go to that either. Boo. I'm just going to sit at home doing Chemistry while everyone else is out having fun.... but just wait, once I get a job and get settled, everyone is going to be so jealous of all the fun I'll be having. (I always try to keep a positive attitude, you know!)
