---
title: "~ oOoOoOo ~"
date: 2004-02-10
categories: 
  - "imported-blog-posts"
---

_"Well I've got ladyfingers baby, I got kidgloves, baby I got heart."_ - from Ladyfingers by Luscious Jackson There's something to be said about having heart. The song Ladyfingers was once suggested as my theme song by one of my closest friends. Now, I didn't really know the song well at that time, but I've really come to like it. I think it's much more uplifting than my own personal choice for a theme song, Hard Luck Woman by Kiss. So what does having heart entail? It means being passionate, truly caring about yourself and your life, and the people around you. The people who make your life filled with happiness and the people who, even if they are miles and miles away, still care how you are, call when you are sick, and wish you luck before that big job interview or that hot first date. Now, everyone knows my baby-dogs are the loves of my life, but someday... who knows? I'm sure they would tell you that "I got heart". I may have lost focus for awhile, there's been a lot going on the last few years, jumping from one bad relationship into another that, in the end, was just as bad. Finished school without any direction, and just went to work everyday because it was a job and paid the bills. The meaning of Life, The Universe, and Everything is still 42 (always has been). But now is the time to start living my life the way I want to, not the way that is convenient or easy. A little focus, one step at a time, and we'll be on our way. I won't feel sorry for myself or worry about past mistakes. They're in the past, they've already been made. I can't change the past, but I will change the future. =) Step one: Job, job, job. Lots of prospects, just gotta get an interview and show them that I know my stuff. Shouldn't be too hard, right? Step two: Shop, shop, shop. A job means an apartment. I get to go furniture shopping. Not my favorite past-time, but I'm determined to have a cute apartment. Step three: Well, I haven't made it that far. Some goals are hard to reach. We're going to take baby steps, just like Bill Murray in "What about Bob?", until we get so close that we're already there. Won't happen overnight, but that's ok. It wouldn't be a worthwhile goal if it could be accomplished overnight. That's all for now. HA. Blame this on reading "A Brief History of Time" and its examination about the beginning of time and the universe and the discussion of whether or not it's important to know how it all began and what happened before then. Or blame it on _Sex in the City_ and all that talk about the unexamined life.
