---
title: "Friday comes and goes so quickly..."
date: 2004-03-24
categories: 
  - "imported-blog-posts"
---

I've been doing a very poor job of getting these done on Fridays. Oh well, better late than never, eh? Yesterday, I started a non-F5 entry titled "42 Thoughts" but it started to sound like a cliche/favorite quote list, so I have put it on hold momentarily. The Friday Five If you... 1. ...owned a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve? Probably Italian. I'm 1/4 Italian, and I just love really, really good Italian food. I'm addicted to pasta, just another carb... BOO to low carb diets, give me my pasta and potatoes, my ice cream... =) 2. ...owned a small store, what kind of merchandise would you sell? Books. Another addiction of mine. I love books. 3. ...wrote a book, what genre would it be? This is an interesting question, especially since I started writing a book/short story/novella a few months back. Made it to page four or so and lost my train of thought and my spark... I might pick it back up though. It was sort of modeled after I am Legend, which (for you movie buffs who don't read) was modified into Omega Man with Charleston Heston. Too bad the movie took out the vampire element of the story, but it was still good, just not as good as the book, like so many movies I've seen. 4. ...ran a school, what would you teach? Biology. Of course, I'm not in any manner qualified for this, but maybe someday.... ? 5. ...recorded an album, what kind of music would be on it? This one is tough. I'm just not musically talented. I had years of piano lessons and I can play Heart and Soul and chopsticks. I'd say, if I was going to record an album, it wouldn't be MY music, unless a certain someone ever follows through on their years-old promise to teach me to play guitar. I'd pick The Suburban Vamps and make them the huge success they deserve to be.
