---
title: "Workin' For A Livin'"
date: 2004-02-19
categories: 
  - "imported-blog-posts"
---

I start my new job on Monday. =) And of course, I couldn't let the occasion slip by without a theme song. Working again will be nice, but I'm worried about the dogs. They've gotten used to me being around a lot more. And I've gotten used to getting up whenever I please. After considering getting up early the next few days to get acclimated, I decided it would be a very stupid idea. Give up my last few days of being lazy and sleeping in?? What was I thinking! Workin' for a Livin' -- Huey Lewis and the News Somedays won't end ever and somedays pass on by, I'll be working here forever, at least until I die. Dammed if you do, dammed if you don't I'm supposed to get a raise week, you know damn well I won't. Workin' for a livin' (workin') Workin' for a livin' (workin') Workin' for a livin', livin' and workin' I'm taking what they giving 'cause I'm working for a livin'. Hey I'm not complaining 'cause I really need the work Hitting up my buddy's got me feeling like a jerk Hundred dollar car note, two hundred rent. I get a check on Friday, but it's all ready spent. Workin' for a livin' (workin') Workin' for a livin' (workin') Workin' for a livin', livin' and workin' I'm taking what they giving 'cause I'm working for a livin'. Ooh, Workin' for a livin' Ooh, taking what they giving Ooh, Workin' for a livin' Ooh, ooh Bus boy, bartender, ladies of the night Grease monkey, ex-junky, winner of the fight Walking on the streets its really all the same selling souls, rock n' roll, any other day Workin' for a livin' (workin') Workin' for a livin' (workin') Workin' for a livin', livin' and workin' I'm taking what they giving 'cause I'm working for a livin'. Workin' for a livin', livin' and workin' I'm taking what they giving 'cause I'm working for a livin'. Workin' for a livin', livin' and workin'
