---
title: "Summer Movies"
date: 2005-07-27
categories: 
  - "imported-blog-posts"
---

Wow, there's a lot of good movies this summer! Since I haven't had time to post much, I thought I'd put up a little summer movie review. These are the movies that Justin and I have been to see this summer... Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy -- I loved it, but if you didn't read the books, or don't know the significance of 42, you'll probably find this wacky, fast-paced movie a bit much to follow. Monster-in-law -- This is nothing spectacular, but it is a cute, funny movie. Star Wars Episode III -- The best of the new triology, but certainly not better than the original three. I've been somewhat disappointed by these new three, the originals will always be classics and will always be the best. The Longest Yard -- This is definitely not Adam Sandler's best movie. It had it's funny moments, but if you're looking for a hilarious, laugh-your-ass-off movie, this isn't it. Madagascar -- I was pretty disappointed with this movie. It had almost no plot and was barely funny. To be honest, I may have even slept through the middle of the movie. Land of the Dead -- this was really, really bad. The gore was ok, but the plot sucked and major action was severely lacking. War of the Worlds -- If you like Tom Cruise, you'll like this movie. Good effects, good plot. My only disappointment was I thought the ending was really a let down. It was pretty weak and they tried to resolve the first 2+ hours of the plot in a 5 minute ending. Bewitched -- This was one of my favorites so far. Will Ferrell is funny as always. The plot is a bit different from the orignal TV show, but the movie holds up on it's own. We almost skipped this one because the reviews were so bad, but I really enjoyed it. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory -- I love Johnny Depp. He does a fantasic job as Willy Wonka in this wacky remake. The Oompa loompas are quite different than they were in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, but 4 of the 5 numbers in this movie use the orignial lyrics written by Roald Dahl. Wedding Crashers -- Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, and a surprise appearance by Will Ferrell... what more can you ask for? This is one of the best this summer and very funny!
