---
title: "Friday, day 5"
date: 2020-03-21
categories: 
  - "42"
tags: 
  - "quarantine"
---

Guess what? I ordered a desk! It should be here next Friday Tuesday! I'll post some pictures once it's all set up.

While I was in New Zealand, Michael got me hooked on the TV show Suits. I know, I know, I'm late to the party. And while it's certainly not the best show ever, it's so amusing. I love the humor and the dialogue between Harvey and Mike, and Donna with her sass and killer instincts. _What is everyone else watching with all this extra time at home?_

This week I was inspired by an event I saw on Facebook -- San Jose Daily Dance Party -- To participate in this, all you need to do is find some tunes, and "dance on your steps, porch, balcony, doorway, hallway....dance, dance, dance...just 6 feet away ...."

You can check out my playlist at the bottom of this post... (inspired by a few COVID-19 quarantine playlists). Join me every day at 10am PDT.

And new for this week, the Friday Five --

In the next seven days...

1. what’s something you’ll do for your mental health? _meditation!_
2. what’s something you’ll do to feel connected? _socializing on zoom, slack, skype, text message_
3. what’s something you’ll do to relax? _bubble bath with a glass of chardonnay_
4. what’s something you’ll do to make yourself laugh? _Frozen 2 is on the list for this weekend!_
5. what’s something you’ll do to flex your creativity? _This (blogging). The daily dance party. And I'm going to take up drawing soon._

_Until further notice..._

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5S3UZvbWOduMg7NdQUCN0M?si=H561sgVhRbOkGPu-yqOP0A
